v8/orgmode/README.md, before:

This plugin implements an Emacs Org-mode based compiler for Nikola.

## Setup

If your emacs does not ship with org-mode (>=8.x), you will have to edit the
`init.el` file supplied with this plugin, and load a newer version of org-mode.

You will also need to add the orgmode compiler to your list of compilers, and
modify your POSTS & PAGES variables.  (See the sample conf file provided.)

### Syntax highlighting with pygments

By default, the plugin uses `pygments` for syntax highlighting. You can disable
this by setting `nikola-use-pygments` to `nil` in `init.el` or `conf.el` (see
Customization section below).

To get proper syntax highlighting, you will need to add custom CSS to your
theme. You can generate this CSS using the `pygmentize` command as follows:

    mkdir -p files/assets/css
    pygmentize -S <PYGMENTS_STYLE> -a .highlight -f html >> files/assets/css/custom.css

and make sure that `custom.css` is included in your site by your
theme. The various available style options for `<PYGMENTS_STYLE>` can be found
using the command `pygmentize -L style`.

## Customization

You can add any customization variables that you wish to add, to modify the
output generated by org-mode to `conf.el` inside the plugin directory.  This
lets you have custom configuration, that doesn't get wiped out each time the
plugin is updated.

## Teasers

You may use teasers by enabling `INDEX_TEASERS = True` in conf.py, and
use `{{{TEASER_END}}}` to generate `<!-- TEASER_END -->` in org posts.

## Image URLs

The image url in ox-html is a little fuzzy. For example, `[[/images/test.jpg]]` will be
generated as `<img src="file:///images/test.jpg" alt="test.jpg">`
because the path is considered as an absolute file path.

In order to correctly generate image urls, you may write `[[img-url:/images/test.jpg]]`,
and then it should be generated as `<img src="/images/test.jpg" alt="test.jpg">`.

Commit message:

feat(readme): Added a description how to export inline images of file scheme. Refs #334

v8/orgmode/README.md, after:

This plugin implements an Emacs Org-mode based compiler for Nikola.

## Setup

If your emacs does not ship with org-mode (>=8.x), you will have to edit the
`init.el` file supplied with this plugin, and load a newer version of org-mode.

You will also need to add the orgmode compiler to your list of compilers, and
modify your POSTS & PAGES variables.  (See the sample conf file provided.)

### Syntax highlighting with pygments

By default, the plugin uses `pygments` for syntax highlighting. You can disable
this by setting `nikola-use-pygments` to `nil` in `init.el` or `conf.el` (see
Customization section below).

To get proper syntax highlighting, you will need to add custom CSS to your
theme. You can generate this CSS using the `pygmentize` command as follows:

    mkdir -p files/assets/css
    pygmentize -S <PYGMENTS_STYLE> -a .highlight -f html >> files/assets/css/custom.css

and make sure that `custom.css` is included in your site by your
theme. The various available style options for `<PYGMENTS_STYLE>` can be found
using the command `pygmentize -L style`.

## Customization

You can add any customization variables that you wish to add, to modify the
output generated by org-mode to `conf.el` inside the plugin directory.  This
lets you have custom configuration, that doesn't get wiped out each time the
plugin is updated.

## Teasers

You may use teasers by enabling `INDEX_TEASERS = True` in conf.py, and
use `{{{TEASER_END}}}` to generate `<!-- TEASER_END -->` in org posts.

## Image URLs

The image url in ox-html is a little fuzzy. For example, `[[/images/test.jpg]]` will be
generated as `<img src="file:///images/test.jpg" alt="test.jpg">`
because the path is considered as an absolute file path.

If you add inline images with built-in file scheme to see them on your
Emacs orgmode, the references are resolved. For examples, you may
refer with `[[file:../images/test.jpg]]` to review an image stored on
images directory during writing, then it will be generated as `<img
src="images/test.jpg" alt="test.jpg">`.

Alternatively, you may write `[[img-url:/images/test.jpg]]`, and then
it should be generated as `<img src="/images/test.jpg" alt="test.jpg">`.
